[Music]
I promise to bring breakfast every
morning I'll promise that my life begins
where you
end I don't want false expectations or
living inside a lie Yours and
mine is true despite what you
say I'll remember that I walk through that
plaza that in shame we couldn't
Even
look at each other The moment came and I took your hand
as we continued walking For the 12
remained silent In The big
City City City City City
City I want to see the
star shine in the sky If by my side I have
the most beautiful in the
firmament I don't know if you
'll understand I'm telling you You have to
feel the way your heart smiles For
[Music]
I'll tell you to pinch me every day when I
wake up That if I argue it's to get to
know you more There's no Fog that can
darken this love
[Music] I
know that we'll go through moments that we never
imagined The pain will be so strong
that we'll think about
leaving But this feeling of ours
will put on Jack the
wounds that it caused to the soul Breathe me
please because this life is
slipping away from us I want to see it shine
more I want to see the star shine in
the sky If by my side I have the most beautiful
in the
firmament I don't know if you'll understand me And what I'm
telling you You have to feel the
way your heart smiles
Inside I want to see what I want to live by
my side If by my side I have the
firmament I don't know if you'll understand me It's
fact that now I'm telling you You have to
feel the way your heart smiles with me
[Music]
[Applause]
What I thought That
loving no longer existed That
kisses are given away on any
corner I who thought that loving
was just a game But I look at you and I'm
dying to
have you You to me To invest my life in
making you dream and
I will win
the time that was
[Music]
lost and I ask Every day that your soul be
my guide Until the last kiss that says goodbye to
this path And I ask every day to always be able to
love you Waiting for the moment to have
you in front of me
[Music]
If the world separates I'll stay with you
If tomorrow doesn't dawn I'll stay with you If
you want me to stay I'll stay with you
What do things matter to me and
when I smile I turn half  I'm back
with you with
you I won't invest my life nor
get your hopes up and
[Music]
I will win the game the time that was
lost I ask you Every day that your soul be
my guide until the last kiss that says goodbye to
this path and I ask every day to always be able to
love you waiting for the moment to have you
I
[Music]
in front of me I will turn my life into illusion
art and
[Music]
I will win the game the time that is was
lost and I ask Every day that your soul be
my guide until the last kiss that says goodbye to
this path and I ask every day to always be able to
love you waiting for the moment to have you
I adante
or ole but that chat
there with so many
hearts Ah well I don't know if you have
found out what happened OK But wait a
moment
mom comes listen to me
alanne I already closed it okay I have smelled your
thoughts family The truth is that I don't
know where to start direct from today it
seems very regrettable very regrettable what we are
going to see today we are not even going to do
heart Today we are not even going to do
heart let's go there yes it is true that we
are going to try several  topics
okay But let's go straight to the
point today apart from the time it's
not like we can watch
Alejandra Rubio's pregnancy I don't know what I don't
know
how much Let's see I don't know if the chat is
set up for
subscribers Yes yes yes what happened
Ángeles well what happened is that
Mrs. Peppa Beltrá well she did a
live very angry because yesterday we won
the challenge all this objective of the
Super chat and because yesterday people
supported me too and gave 200 members and she
went crazy she started insulting and she
started mentioning my
young children how do
you see it how do you see it tell me and everything
because yesterday I mean look we smelled it
eh how's your Twitter going Well there it goes there it goes
there it goes the appeals take their
days but well
Pepa ate a lot of chocolate today Javi
Well I don't know if she ate a lot of
chocolate
but if she didn't eat it she smoked it
because minor children are not allowed to
touch it anyway it's that then we wouldn't be
talking about civil lawsuits of course there
if her mouth slips and her
hand goes  It is possible, I can think of a penalty
at
least. Yes, then we'll go to the salseria. Yes,
yes, then we'll go to the salseria. Well,
very ugly on their part, no, no, eh, more
than ugly, more than ugly, more than ugly,
criminal,
and let's see, of course, how are you going to
mention minors and Loli doesn't even say anything to her,
Loli, eh. And several
content creators who were super
indignant are not
exactly there. During the last few
days, reminding him of a clip by Sorco Tilla,
very unfortunate, a clip by Sorco Tilla
that I am not going to defend, obviously,
where he threatens to talk about the son of
another youtuber. So, of course, I understand
that now the same ones will come out, not the same ones will come out. Let's
stop hanging out with the
climber, no, but what do you think about the family,
minors, no. How shameless, children
are sacred, she is a lady since I do
n't know if she has already lost the
wheel of
[Music]
everything, but well, we will try to respond
with the
possible education, obviously we are not going to
fall to her level, that would be going
down many
steps, but I believe that what she has
done and everything  what he said this afternoon
Speak for yourself and listen to me and
listen to me everything because yesterday you supported me
everything because yesterday you supported me now I'm
going to put the yesterday look what we
were saying eh they're going to put you green see you
everything is going to explode yesterday people got like me
because they're trying to take down my
channels and the Twitter account and so on And
then a very beastly challenge was made here I mean I have to
thank you from the bottom of my
heart eh there is a ha complete
madness about the challenge
okay I don't have words to thank you
okay for all the support that you always give to
my channels but apart from the challenge which of
course is a challenge that nobody is an
objective that nobody has fulfilled nor will
obviously fulfill okay apart from the
challenge well 200 200 members we reached
2000 members yesterday and then how
they reacted well they reacted by
insulting now You'll see okay because
several Twitter accounts have reacted
Loli too eh the pppa I mean
everyone pissed off about the
objective everyone pissed off about the
objective it's like And what do you care and
what  it
bothers me that my followers support me
because harassing people like you are
trying to break the law to
close my channels, I mean it doesn't
even make sense
dude the ambition to earn
money has no regard for
minors mm but dude I mean it makes you so angry that
a person I know if they
want money they should work No today yes in
super chat it says multigames
Well I was going to tell you today about not
setting any goals Because if tomorrow
I'm going to have to put up with them
messing with
minors a chick who is evil to the
core are
harassers they are harassers I mean no it doesn't
make any other sense I mean you can
go on and criticize or or or or if you want to
have the same community that I have
Then work here for a bunch
of years don't work it earn their affection I don't
know Where do they have to go? Hi Javi
Sorry but I never tweet you live do
you think that the moror is the typical brother-in-law
who knows how to do everything better than the
others man the truth is that I don't think he
knows how to do much apart from play
LoL brother-in-law well I don't know  yes brother-in-law yes no
because the brother-in-law is the typical one who goes around
talking like he knows
about everything and knows nothing no
[Music]
eh go Loli and Peppa no no but it's not
only Loli and Peppa who have criticized you
eh It's not only Loli
and Peppa who have criticized you eh everything Peppa has
with you is out of spite for not having
counted on her more Well then let her
work well let her work and look for
content and let her get hooked on
other topics No I don't know that I tried
no but but let's see here yesterday
someone was disrespected from her so
that or rather it's not even that you
do something to her I mean it's that
you've already met the objectives here that we
propose it's that it's already the host no
in life will have a community like
this says alne because hers is based on
hate and on getting the bile out that they carry
inside totally totally but I mean
she wasn't based on hate  milking
Loli Huerta
milking Irene León not based on
hatred totally notice that Irene León
gave her a super chat of 240 240 240 no I
mean based on based on
having kept 240 that she raised
for cancer that she then gave to them no
when they threw it in her face if she doesn't
forget they won't know what content I'm
telling you alanne today sincerely Well I don't
know if I'm going to set a goal because to have to To
have them tomorrow already
messing with let's go with my mother with my
uncle with you know what they're
capable of yesterday the live was very
funny we were laughing yesterday
exactly exactly exactly exactly It's
true that in ca
we were asking for the goal it was for
her freedom of expression eh but it's that
apart eh what did Peppa have to do with the
goal uncle Javi tomorrow another worse one falls on you you'll
see Set the goal put it Javi
Well I don't know what goal to set the truth
put it put it they're going to criticize you anyway but
if they criticize me I don't care
but the man  What I see
is that the lines are being crossed a little bit,
right? I mean, in the end,
yesterday's live was a gem, yesterday we
laughed a lot, honestly, for freedom
of expression.
Eh. In the end,
eem, that they criticize me is something that we
were going to assume, eh. I mean, yesterday we
were saying it calmly,
you see, tomorrow they're going to give you a hard time, that if you
take away your followers' pension, that's not what they
were saying, no, but of course, they're going to get
angry, I mean, those of you who don't have
Twitter because on Twitter I posted something,
okay,
eh, on Twitter I posted it, on Twitter I
posted something, okay. But those of you who don't have
Twitter. Let's see how many of you here don't have
Twitter and don't know what we're
talking about, let's see, put number one, those of you who
have Twitter and know what we're talking about,
and put number two,
those of you who don't know what we're
talking about because of course, maybe there are
people who don't even know what
we're talking about and how the level of
what they've done
today is, put number one, those of you who have
Twitter and  number two those who don't let's see
Karime al Anne let's see if you can well I don't
count it exactly but at least
roughly what you see more is the one
the
two m [ __ ] I don't know what to tell you Eh I would
say it is let's see I would say more the
two than the one eh Yes yes clearly yes
clearly there are more there are people I mean the
majority of you who are here don't
even know what we're
talking about I mean you haven't seen the
images you haven't heard those dirty
words I have but I forgot the
password Well let's see I'm going to summarize
let's get into the subject okay
let's go over the topics of the
night today I'm not going to be heart okay I
say it in case there's someone there are a lot of
twos there are a lot of twos here here there are a lot of
people who don't who don't know how to use Twitter
and Well we're talking about an
outrage gentlemen yesterday what happened here
was that we achieved a very
beautiful objective for freedom which is the most
curious thing no And look what we were saying
jokingly they're going to criticize us tomorrow It's that
yesterday the objective was broken here but  we've
been breaking it for a few nights
really eh but
yesterday's was the goal of 50 super chat
and not happy my
gentlemen 50 super chat they got I can
talk a little bit bad I can talk a
little bit bad about
grapefruit 200 members and they reached 2000 so
yesterday was See you later okay And
so what has caused well what has
caused are insults from Loli
saying that we are [ __ ] I don't know what I don't
know how much that we never meet the goals
really it's a lie and
all that insults of well
these Twitter accounts okay these
Twitter accounts of that agata that that well
she herself gave superchat
here the other day no that that I'm
a cheater that I take your
pension more than 50 no no no the
record was broken it was marked 51 and it was much
more than 51 because she stopped counting okay
eh And what with Peppa well it has been another level I
mean Peppa got angry
okay Peppa got angry
money that  I'm making money at her
expense your
[ __ ] that I am that I'm making
money at her expense the stalker chick who has been
dedicating her life to Javi Oliveira for 2 years
who is having a party for his [ __ ]
birthday and her followers because they
are not followers of her they are haters of mine
instead of giving her some balloons with the
70 ñaco that they have they give her some
balloons with the 10,000 of the
cryptocurrencies that they were
trying to cancel in the summer okay or so
fabric fabric okay And she's started messing
with my family that what What a shame
for my children that when my children
get on the internet they are going to mess
with them anyway a series of
tremendous atrocities and
finally what she has done was uh
do a live with the mother I don't think she has
done a live with the mother
asking for it we are going to see it now [ __ ] guy
[ __ ] guy lady don't you have it is
enough to have lived off this
community for two
years by the way Roberto I have seen you on
Twitter eh
guará I have seen you on Twitter
sexualizing a little eh you salome I have
seen I saw the thread eh tremendous here he was
treated With much respect to his mother
man Pilar as it could not be
otherwise as it could not be otherwise except for
me to stop what she has done but the
only one I
disrespect maybe because he is stupid is the
son but let's see but if he is half done
What do I do with the
boy But because the son participates
in this the son participates in this I mean you
look at you No look at you how
things are Javi I really appreciate that in
a [ __ ] up moment you were my only laugh the
fight for me jav oliveira is not touched
grandpa you are thanks Well this this is my
community Of course yes that's what I
work on this for Yes that's what we
are here for Of course evidently evidently evidently
but look
How is it eh yesterday we were
reacting don't give super chat tete I don't
know if I'm going to put
objective what is sent who is the
moderator today they are all there I prefer to give
you The money for the marzipans face
crying with laughter face crying with
mother the marzipans  Mother, the marzipans be
careful because the marzipans are
also looking for attention, let's see, [ __ ], I
don't have, eh, I don't have love to
give to so many people, I don't have love to
give to so many people, who's here today
as boss
Karime Lili is not here
Lili,
alne, be it, trust me, thing that yesterday
we were talking yesterday we were
reacting to some extracts in which
they were laughing because this one had
had less visits, that
means that I'm going bankrupt, that it
's my end and all that stuff, then they
laugh that I have less visits, they
laugh that I have fewer visits, they laugh
that I'm going to Valencia to record a
report to give a voice to the victims
of the Dana and they also laugh that
this one earns less because I have
fewer visits because things haven't gone better for me,
but they also don't want
you to become members and
meet the objectives, so what do you
want to
see me, man, messing with the family,
eh, [ __ ] outrageous. Well, look what
luar is sending me, it says almost 1 in the
community jle almost  1 in that
Twitter community eh says Alan you're taking too
long to put it that tomorrow they use the
moal if it stings them
And what And what And what objective do we set today I don't I don't
choose it I don't choose it what objective what
objective do we set today
eh Lili
alanne What are the
objective options that there are you ca
n't objective more than 50
not 50 of 2 says p
Gallego
moal objective 30 +
30 the same as yesterday they don't want to bet and
half
aroa says to put two objectives of 50
out of
2 30 + 30 + 30 two of two of 50 says
Dante the same as yesterday I'm going to put the
same as yesterday
okay I'm going to put the same as yesterday I'm going to put the
same as yesterday and I'm going to tell you
one
thing I have to tell you one thing
Okay thanks Lola Cortés a kiss queen you
are the best I'm going to put the same
objective as yesterday
okay I don't know what text to put I don't know
what text to
put What text to
put I'm going to put of texts they are very
bad it's  a silly thing well it doesn't matter the
text no you can't tesa set a
goal of
100 you
can't the family is not touched let's not aer
no but it's that clear eh In
Peppa's case it has been messing with the family
but in Loli's case well No the
truth is she hasn't messed with the family she
has messed with us with the
community invincible invincible beautiful
invincible I
like invincible I like I'm going to
set that goal And if you eat it It's that I'm
going to put another one
eh
eh says cane before setting the goal
show the video no om it's
that subject we're going to enter eh
we're going to touch on others first so that
people go
in but I have to tell you something I have to tell you
something very
strong don't you see say it
completely
exactly I'll read you I'll read you Karime I'll read you Karime I'll
read you Karime I think
invincible is beautiful
Karime [ __ ] I wish you could set a
goal of 240 eh it would be like a
kick in the snout
eh it would be like  a kick in elico I
have to tell you something before I
start looking at all the topics okay I
start with everything that I'm going to
show you okay
yesterday what I told you about Twitter
what was happening to me and all that stuff do you
remember yesterday everything I told you about
Twitter that they were trying to
take down my
accounts [ __ ] it's that we're at 1000 a
day and if you disconnect for a while you get
lost You lose the thread of the lor
Carmen from octu gua how
here it doesn't come out today not even that it's a
holiday a kiss Carmen Thank you very much Today it's
going to be the turn of a mother of six today it's going to be the turn of a
mother of
se Well it turns out that
last night I have several people with the
subject of trying to figure out how to pull the
thread
no and apart from that we have made several
reports the members of Cris se Today it's going to be their Today it's
going to be their Today it's going to be their
em we are trying to make a report on
YouTube on Twitter commenting on what has
happened no Uh I can imagine who's
behind it I just can't imagine
because there are so many that any of
they don't but [ __ ] Look, I'm
going to tell you something but I can't
tell you the whole thing because I'll
probably dedicate it to this, I do
n't know if a video on the main channel
or a live stream. Listen to what I'm
telling you, I'm telling you seriously, eh, you know, you know
what
happened, that by investigating
things
we discovered Who was
Wilson when I tell Wilson's story
one peseta each
Spaniard but not to
me you're going to fall on your back a kiss
Ester gorgeous when I tell
Wilson's story you're going to fall on your
back but not to you that objective
I'm going to eat it long and prosperous life
to the king of gossip that's it [ __ ] man you're
here
every night supporting eh Seriously, I'll do it right, I'll do it right, I'll do it right, but the Wilson thing is a story that is so damn awful but so damn awful awful awful there were people who knew a kiss shira there were people who knew that that person was still on social media
somehow okay somehow
this person
wils has  back no Wilson has returned no
this person was already on social media being a pain in the
ass
okay And this
person [ __ ] is that if I give you clues
dude I don't want to stay with him either
until we tell it here so that it
has the surprise factor that if you freak out I'll
lailo man yes
flip Of course he is known Pilar but not
only known but he is a
person who already harassed me at
another time until I stood up to him and
well now it turns out that he has been harassing me for a year
but in a different way then he will
cry Now he will cry when what is
going to
happen happens now he will cry and I will be very bad but
very
heavy they are telling me to stop, to
stop no Of course this we are going to
do this in a live broadcast well and I am going to
explain to you all why pin Pam pum eh
clear let's see clear it was it was It was very
obvious let's see it was very obvious we
had it right under our noses it was
something personal it was something very personal
someone who for whatever reason suddenly
appears I am a vigilante I
face Javi no eh a person who
knows things about the lords of the past
that not even the
lords  there are other lords like for
example people from Yun and such that he doesn't
know eh Sure sure Mia Mia when I
tell you the story it's very very Hardcore
also I'm going to show it to you well I'm going to show it to
you well I'm going to show you Look at this
with this this with this it's so [ __ ]
embarrassing
kid but it's so [ __ ]
embarrassing so [ __ ]
embarrassing How can a person become
so obsessed with things there are several
eh who were obsessed with
my things that I already think that it's
enough eh Mariluz TT esp Gallego a kiss
gorgeous queens you are the most
beautiful on YouTube
manui that invincible hands clapping
hands
clapping No no that's probably going to be
a direct hit but you're going to freak
out eh but not how have we not
caught him before with invincible
invulnerable unbeatable kiss I'm not going
to tell you how okay but there he got caught he got
caught I'm not going to tell you how
but it's a [ __ ] embarrassment dude last night
we freaked out at so many in the morning the
minors don't know  they play TR angry face a
kiss tit thanks queen last night we freaked out
Javi with you you don't believe me on the nails no no no it's that
this is going to be a direct
eh I don't know if a direct a video in the
main because I have to put it
well with click and with things Javi all my
support Thanks love I
know when that direct Well we are
missing a technical roll Lucía but
come on but
come on very heavy man it is that very heavy is
very heavy we are missing one thing Okay I'll
tell you what What's going on What's going on let's
get into the subject let's not go seeing that they
told us no And how they have
criticized us for yesterday I think if a
Peta
oh mother how embarrassing how embarrassing
eh look look how embarrassing shame
for the freedom of expression of Huertas
come on a moment I'm looking for something you
have caught me you have caught
caught that you have caught caught
seriously this is real Eh This os what
this is real look up and look this is
real eh it's real that it is not a
joke that it is real
eh that it is in  direct is still Look look look how
embarrassing how embarrassing
really Loli had allergies again s
we're not going to stay and watch all this
because imagine I'm over here
imagine what you're seeing is
here and the guy isn't embarrassed eh No he
doesn't get to see and the challenge I don't know where the
challenge is how long was the
challenge it was 50 and he's turned 50 oysters you
and look when it Oh What could be the
trick that these people have up that
when the challenge is over they stop and that's it and
and here it is Put 51 I don't know I don't know you
see it he's insinuating that there's some
strange trick that's a
lie I don't know how they have it I don't know I don't know
how I don't know I don't
know what we do continue wait s because I
'm caught caught I'm caught I
dedicated myself to crushing you and now I can't
stop crush crush
that we are
crushing it we are crushing it
careful eh
careful I can't do it Lili your C of Loli
dancing to put it here for people I ca
n't do it  joé who said that you can't even
dance
Javi
my goodness this doesn't matter that's what anyone says does it like this
boom you find me the one you can't
find is you
Loli put Loli here have you seen
reever we serve so that people laugh we
serve so that people are
happier and we serve so that
people are happier what more do we want
man We want your freedom Loli that they
are cioning you We want your freedom that there are
people who are telling you
not to express yourself and we want your freedom
that you answer Peppa that
instead of answering the pppa she
dedicated today's live shows to
she dedicated today's live shows
[Music]
to she dedicated the live shows to
our objective here I mean it's
like we're going to see man what do you care about the
objective here
what do you care about the objective
here what harm does it do to you I mean it's that you
focus on what they want eh
eh what more do we want Well that's what
we are
happy
happy we live our lives but then We
have here to people who don't let go of us
member  Hey, don't let go member Josefina
What's wrong my sister what's wrong with you
daughter a kiss daughter I hope it's nothing
serious that it doesn't get fixed and that it doesn't get
fixed I told
Josefina I was wrong man
live things Thank you very much have you
heard I hope it doesn't get fixed and that it doesn't get
fixed because it doesn't get fixed go on
Josefina She would send me the poor thing to
hell
eh They send me another super
chat and now they send her another super
chat a translator rdes rees rdes to
Libertad Libertad we want freedom have you
heard it or don't you want to
hear it again do you want to hear it again look look look
what she says laughs man
Josefina What's wrong my sister what's wrong with you
daughter a kiss daughter I hope it's nothing
serious that it doesn't get fixed Thank you very much Okay you
ole you ole you ole you or you
or ole with ole I have to put this
in
a hello I am your
dry skin fate you what are you seeing eh
trust you what is the lady seeing in
her
live that I don't talk to you
how doesn't she follow you  not even your shadow lady you wo
n't know that one not all
Andalusians have art well this one
has nothing Andalusian well of course This one is not
Andalusian I hadn't heard about that
eh I think I've given it Maybe
too much time
no because I hadn't heard about that
and I don't give a damn a
while ago the challenges that you
put for me to enjoy when you didn't
achieve it because you didn't
achieve it Oh I'm crying
to see if they explode Ah yes I put a challenge
of 50 we're all going to explode but come on
we all
explode careful careful eh put on belts
eh everything you can
seat belts and everything eh we'll explode we'll
explode yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes we're going to have
an explosion come on
super chat and we'll complete it
Oh they're going to put us in green tomorrow no the
next one I haven't seen it
I sent me a screenshot challenge not
achieved because you didn't achieve it
but we didn't achieve it that they
sent him or rather he's watching the live
while we were live and  He says
that they sent him a screenshot that
we got it m this has been said the same as he does
n't know how to do
that I didn't understand it very
well there there Javi you Abi Although you
want to be the center of attention I'm
sorry I'm sorry boy you failed it
had nothing to do with it there
you This is getting a little weird no
but no to you have a kiss
honey How
are you really
just you and I do you realize if you
have nothing to fear you have nothing to
do with it there
eh In fact you have nothing to do with it there it was
n't
with you he made a
slip fad Lili Lili
Lili Look for it and put it Lili run run
fly it starts the weekend before
us he watches it excessively Happy
live because we make people very happy we make people very happy
we make people very happy
the
truth [ __ ]
eh an allergist in the room please
open exclamation mark [ __ ] Hey my uncle on New Year's
but
okay man Isabel a kiss Hey let's see if it's
mom of six's turn not as things
are No but if
nala what the [ __ ] do you have to  you see with
that as far as I
know and from what it says it
has nothing to do with it what's wrong with you
what's up
Okay well that was
Loli's reaction then we'll see more things from
Loli okay but that was
Loli's reaction to our challenge okay then we have
on Twitter
okay for example Dalira Loli and also
this Christmas We will eat ham and we
will pay for it with our own money Yes
chocolate no chocolate no eh that
treacherous chocolate we are so
comfortable and we are so ag
gusit a kiss Sara sweetheart beautiful
Sara and est
[Applause]
[Music]
mini Maleficent How are we
tonight How did we come so that you can buy
antihistamines face rolling with
laughter throwing a kiss for the
allergies the flies screaming in fear car
screaming in fear car screaming in fear we did
n't see the fly thing here eh
the fly thing the same here Well I want
you all to notice this
screenshot okay This is Dalis Veira you already
know that Dalis Veira is a stalker
that we have not on Twitter Dallas and I  the
truth is the account itself is not called
dalis veira it is an account dedicated to
Dallas and Javi oliveira eh They have
taken it down on several occasions due to harassment and
that kind of issues no He is also the
moderator of
Tania and usually hangs around those kinds of
channels he
says Of course you are not interested in
Loli and Peppa's money that's why you only
talk about them I only talk about them
okay I mean I only talk about her
eh with these 5 euros I will no longer have my
pension Javi I hope you know how to value how
expensive crying I will spend it on something
nice tarantula half that I have left
listen to me I only talk about Peppa and
Loli my content is based
exclusively on Peppa and Loli okay
because you know that the four bad guys who
look at you the four bad guys who
look at you give you super chat when you talk about
them and you even want to have a
group talking about them your
mouth waters thinking about the money they
generate for you watch eh watch that Peppa keeps the
240 is nonsense Forgetfulness okay that
Peppa  ask for a super chat of 240 to Irene
León based on a joke for what she
made a joke the minors do not touch each other a
kiss Reyes Thank you very much sweetheart
that Peppa jal poke Loli for
2s years so that she is harassing us
insulting us and all that kind of
barbarity that she has done of slander
not to get money out of her impossible
with the thing of the four bad guys who see you she
refers to Wilson Javier canino agath
and
him but man you can have more little it's that they
live in a world man but now
I want you to realize and look at
this Carefully okay I want you to look at
this Carefully
okay there is a tweet from these people Ardiendo
no that answers him da I will see a kiss from
mequi heart and he says go on how he has
caught the trick on his thugs he
sets a target 20 or 30 super
chat okay or so I have
caught you okay I have caught you the
trick to get you in the pension
okay to get the money and Look what
and look what's
up you see you
see this
I mean
Peppa Peppa was browsing Twitter
this morning and started retweeting
not just Dalis Veira's tweet okay but
also the replies that were
alluding to complaints about the objective of
this
channel which is how I'm from the tamam This
is my entire pension from my parents and
grandparents crying with laughter I
like these more since the kids
today among the kids we have work to do eh
today among the kids we have work to do
Thank you very much
honey but I'm asking you
something man I mean you put yourselves in a
content creator like Peppa
okay Roman a kiss a
content creator like
Peppa is no longer just starting to
retweet the the Dalis Veira TT No no it's not
that she goes to the replies to
retweet all the replies too
not to support any answer that
is putting me down
pu you get so mean with the money they
give to others Peppa but what
bothers you is it doesn't bother them anymore that we
talk about her or  let's not talk about her
anymore no no they don't mind that you give me the
goal but
not a kiss
beautiful it doesn't bother them not even if
we talk about this if we talk about that
no no they don't mind anymore what they don't want is for you to
give me the goal another one who's
left without a pension Hey not in carni I don't
want to leave you without Christmas either
okay And now Listen to this
man Listen to this man I mean but I'm not
telling you to criticize me or don't
criticize me that's what we're
seeing all of them no but that that that that they also do
n't want my
followers that my
community to give me members and give me super
chat or rather this is the ultimate it's
like But then what is it that you
want I mean because there are some with whom I
agree not to talk about each other we do
n't talk I mean not to mention each other and
they're pending on the of the of the of
the goals here that if they are
achieved that if they are not achieved if they are
achieved bad if they are achieved they
criticize it if they are not achieved I mean they
criticize it look but not me where do they
have
to  a kiss sisuka when you put the
word black no it doesn't sound how racist
YouTube you how racist youtu I mean if we don't
reach the goal the criticism is that I
'm already falling that people don't
like me that telesalseo is going
down that the community is I don't know what I don't
know okay And if we reach the goal
also bad if we reach the goal that
we are taking the pension here from the
people I don't know what I don't know how much I mean what do you
want With what are you satisfied with
seeing me outside of YouTube not for what you
were organizing and for those of you who
were contacting each
other and making a team not for the
goal Common enemy no georgio a
kiss How good that you threw away the [ __ ]
umbrella
Well let's see here here something happens
elind does some
challenges to clear the oil clear
Pepa I don't know what
20 a challenge to hit Loli or hit
Peppa look at the translation now it's
clear when he saw it raining here The
Super chat said Fu money Fu money We're
done I'm already in  over here
to contact Shizuka privately With
Roman with everyone to spend time as if you
were all Loli okay Fu money
money money my head is spinning my head is spinning
no it has already translated it to his to what is
left there I don't know if he has 150
people left 200 something like that no it has already
translated it to that the challenges here are to
hit skin Javi Let's see wait
not challenge
eh To clear with oil clear
Pepa I don't know what clear is to hit
not clear with oil or un-stick let's
see does some challenges
eh To clear with oil clear
Pepa I don't know about sticking with oil about sticking to
the
pppa about sticking with oil about sticking to the is what they
say So as if with
this challenge if we fulfill it we
hit him no no it doesn't say skin damn
this is very different from skinning
eh To clear with oil clear Pepa clear clear
clear it won't be not clear
Well  Loli Loli could really use some
clearing her mind bu Loli could really use some
clearing her mind eh So you can meet the
objective today for her so that she can
clear her mind because by now she's probably
gone to bed if she was
saying those
things in the morning skinning but
skinning is already a series of syllables
that she hasn't pronounced
eh I see that she says challenges of hitting the
loio of hitting Peppa what's the
matter is he
does some challenges Pio yes a peseta each
Spaniard we hear in canni but not m
where do they have to Javi I don't have a pension
And if I did I'd spend it wherever I want
greetings a kiss a kiss
heart
Ah okay okay okay Lili what does
Lili say that the pppa was coming back from a meal
eh To clear her mind to clear
Pepa I don't know what she can say
anything Okay you guys I'll leave it to your
imagination okay But come on they
're criticizing us Yes or yes they don't like that we
have the  challenges and objectives
Yes or yes 20 super chat and I don't know what I don't know
how much and there are 5 10 15
members 20 members and I'm here
like a real idiot every
day and I don't put any
challenge like this wake up blonde So a
challenge a challenge come on I'm going to put a challenge Let's
see if you have the balls to follow
Melo poking at the 100 people who
stay you know come on let's see if you have the
balls to follow Melo no pppa has
fulfilled it Lili that's what I don't know if she
has fulfilled it she has fulfilled the challenge I mean what
challenge has she set I have no idea or
How many likes there are or anything a
challenge I no I'm not going to ask for so many
hind because I don't have so many hind people
e Oh om how they can see their true colors man
how they are
eh how they are eh How they can see their true colors
eh this one took it and
said 50 super chat if I take the notebook
where I write down Javi's Super chats and
multiply it  20
membership and I say one
go on like I didn't
give twenty membership and I say one
thing I face this challenge I can't
do anything eh I I can't overcome that challenge
eh I can't overcome that challenge
honey
honey one
but no I can't Hey hey
chone hey but those are those
are people from the youth who
come here to act like a pimp of the
[Music]
gentlemen to take it up the ass give me
money damn Javi how bad you are setting
challenges that we meet face rolling with
laughter face rolling with laughter
rolling with laughter car
rolling with
laughter What
[Laughter]
shameless Pepa reminds me of the flea
market they put on Sundays in my
Oh my God it's that it's that we're before
Shameless
man it's that he
says it's that we have to repeat it
man It's that this is to put it in you know look look
but she she has seen that
here the challenges are met and she said
give me money damn
that they know it looking at the eye kiss Who
is who is who is yeah  suca the crow
who Hey a kiss forgive me if I miss
one this is this is a wonder let's
go this is that listen to me that what
deisa that I don't give a damn what do you want
challenge if I get super chat I say one
thing I say one
thing I can't I'm going to tell the It's that they
really are too much man Oh
my God they are too much eh wow what an element what
people wow wow the elements
eh with 40 he says two things says Pepi and with
40 I'll tell you two but the other day they
sent me a click eh of a note that
said if we reach the objective
today's challenge is that tomorrow I'll do a live note
that he does live every day Of course the
followers told him Go [ __ ] themselves
often they are already sleeping at that
moment Oh wow really But damn
this has been spectacular eh I had
n't seen this I am this has
been spectacular eh what a girl eh what a girl
eh What does my pas say What does my Paz Paz say
You won't have been wrong No, we
have to give it back to you later and no V la que
Lía eh me  I'm not giving anything back eh if you make a
mistake I'll go crazy and I'll tell you one
thing I can't
eh I can't handle this eh it
's that they are peculiar man they are
peculiar characters eh dude that I
loved this eh come on I'm going to
set a challenge Let's see if you have the [ __ ] to
follow me I have no idea how many
likes there are or anything a
challenge I no I'm not going to ask for so much
because I don't have that many people marind
e 20
memberships and I say one thing
and Lili is telling me she's telling me
Lili what's worse is on top of that she
forgot to say the thing but I mean they
gave her the 20 members she asked for 20
members not 20 super chat and they gave it to her
Lili they gave her the 20
members they gave her the 20 members and she
forgot to say it but that but
that's a bit of a scam
no but of course she's gone crazy
no I mean after having spent a huge
amount of members she
didn't leave them with their asses in the air of
course I can't nobody knows that
nobody knows come on we start at 1 at
2 and at
3 she and she she here you would believe it is already
just say this and it
starts to rain money What a character
man if a Peta every
Spaniard but not to me where do they have to
for a while set this as an alarm
please so that it bothers more Do it Javi Do it
what about the 20 members or what about
the 20 members and I say one thing but it's that
it's going tremendous noes it's not for
the people here to give away 20 members
every time it goes off no oh I
mean but on top of that look at how the
pppa are that they still give her the 20 members
and she hasn't fulfilled The promise has happened to her
like with the 240 and the cancer
has happened to her a bit the same that it hasn't been
worth it either Well here you have this
the issue for
Spain but not to me they have to María
José How are you
pretty says J talking about the one who said that she
harassed him no no the one who said no
and I say it and I say it and I was afraid to
go out on the street s oos no  I understand nothing
the money up front is clear but
man are you putting a chick who is
asking you for 20 members to say one
thing let's see let's see wait wait wait we
have a click So they
gave her the 20 members she started
celebrating the chick left and she
forgot to say the thing 38 Guadalupe
Arévalo we've already
passed Look
gindy 30
gy look with any
little thing You have to spend three
quarters of an hour so they donate to you and I
say like p p p The warrior comes and
does you and now here is what she is doing
Well I think this does not need to be
explained but well here what she
is doing to her followers is like they
are hitting me for having
given her 20 members you know how that is this
she already made
Loli understand when she knows when she
took the money from Loli what she
did was make
Loli understand that when she gave money
elsewhere she was picking on me or she was
bothering me you understand Pepa  that we don't give a
damn what your little girls give you
exactly, I mean, but look, if
she knows that she's lying, the four of them are
sick, she has them there, you know F you do know it You do know it, damn, well, weren't you
saying before, I don't ask for as much as the
guiny that I don't have that many people and
now Here you are saying, take a look, Pam
Pam, you spend three quarters
of an hour for them to give you
something, of course, you know what she's
doing, she works for d, you have to ask for
members, if you know, maybe she says it tomorrow,
face crying with laughter, no no, but she
forgot, eh, look, with any
little thing You have to throw yourself at each other, you
'll do this every day, Eh,
but not at m ae, they have to, if with 240
nobody found out Imagine with 20 faces
rolling around
rolling with laughter that I laughed, guo,
three quarters of an hour for them to donate to you and
I say like this, pom pom p, The warrior comes
and makes you
pa, we love you, she says ference,
adila, how cool, man, how cool
man that's cool man they gave him 20
bucks so he's going to do this every
day he's going to do this every
day agata agath Eh F you agata what
does to me F you agata look at the level here
okay look at the level here
okay do you know who it is doesn't it sound familiar No no it
's that of course here what happens is that you have to you have to be
here up to
date with all the lords because at the
slightest thing I can't be giving context
every day about everything about all the things I
mean this you know who it is
no this you know who it is
No if Javi Oliveira has something he's street
Javi Oliveira has street eh the pppa
no the Peppa is come on an angel but no to
m a you don't have to
give it back to me face
laughing face throwing a kiss
says if he has something J is street he's
smarter than hunger what art he has to
provoke his community with the superchat I
mean look at the double standard
they set the double standard you realize we
have  I've been here
for two [ __ ]
years
commenting on how Peppa did it or the
Troy ard or whatever, not to bleed the cash
cow of money, okay, what a
trick, no, like she was poking her here and
there, I have the yellow videos, I
have all the lies they've made up
to get money from the other one, no, uh,
the water bottle, I don't know what,
no, and not only
that, but
[Music]
that there, they haven't said
anything, esp, we've been here for a
week, free LoL so that ca la witch
Peppa please will it be our
early Christmas present, smiling face with
closed eyes, smiling face with
closed eyes, the children and animals shami
necro a kiss
shini but not to m a, they have chocolate
for everyone that will make her radiant with
smiling eyes, a kiss Elena, I don't
want that chocolate, eh, I don't want to
make a fool of myself here, eh, but you
realize what it's like, but Pepa did it
for the cause, yes, I mean, we've
been here for two years exposing how
to get money from the other one,
no, no, no, to her chat because in the end you
're creating content,  people
support you they support you no no no no to Loli I
mean they noticed the Peppa thing eh that
Peppa thing is while collaborating here she would
write down a notebook The Super
chats that they gave and then she would go
look for them privately on Instagram for
camels the things that Loli has done to
ask for money Peppa Sorry Peppa
the things that Peppa has done to ask for
money the pathetic little numbers that
we have seen from Peppa to ask for
money
Well now it turns out that we have been here for
TR days fulfilling a challenge and you
have to see the street that Javi
Oliveira has the tricks he uses to get
money
eh the double standard
man he has a very loyal community This yes
Look at least he recognizes the truth that
we are the best that he makes the effort
with the donations the numbers can be
read in many ways but the
visualizations are an objective fact and he
puts a screenshot here
eh that number one you see the
other day that number one has been
Javi from Hablando Claro that I am
very happy  I mean,
I no longer have contact with Javi, okay,
but I don't have any problem with him
and I don't think he has a problem with me either. In fact, I
recently heard him say the same thing
because people are telling him, I have
nothing with Javi. He gets along with
other people and I with other people, okay. But I've
met Javi in
person, I've met his little daughter and
I, well, I hope this happens to Javi every
month. How many are 13 and a
half million visits? Well, I hope that
next month he has 30, you know, but what
happens with these people is that they
're not happy for Javi. Because
I don't see Agata ever share a
video of Javi
or even click on Javi. No, no, I
see her click on mine and Consuelo's and
this one and the other one. What you see is mine.
Agata, you're not happy about Javi.
You're putting it down here because
telesalseo has had less, you know how.
Well, yeah, of course, Habi has had more
visits than telesalseo and
many others. And many others, not only that
telesalseo
is okay.  what it has is what it has
okay e
that Hey there are others who have had
more visits than me this month well okay
Yeah and and I already posted it yesterday e
[Music]
It's that this seems H even childish to
me this seems man I mean Look 6 million
visits in March in April 15 million
visits the main channel 15
million visits okay then almost
every month 3 cu look now in
August 10 million visits in
September 13 million visits eh the
next 5 million visits what's happening
I take a little more time and they
're happy Oh Well that's it
nothing's happening calm down no chill no I mean but
besides nobody's talking to him about visits I mean
this T What's this tua
coming over nobody nobody is talking about
visits nobody is arguing about
visits no need to get so worked up Javi
No Paqui I'm not flattering myself Yes on the
contrary, well we have a few slower months
no
but yes it is we'll see let's see
but it's been a couple of
months ago I told you man I mean I don't know if I should
keep this section  or this other
section because it doesn't give me you
understand It's okay, nothing's wrong, nothing's wrong There's
a month that suddenly is better another
that is worse nothing's wrong it's YouTube it
's YouTube what we do it's like that
okay I mean but but who's talking about
the who's talking about the visits I mean
Agatha is watching the live and says wow they
gave her 50 super
chat Well look you have few
visits
Hello double portion of chocolate for
everyone A kiss Reyes Thank you very much
love
But what am I telling you I mean what is it that you
're telling me but apart from that it's
wrong to have how much we have in
telesalseo
almost 2 million visits telesalseo has had
the last few
days it's
wrong it's wrong 2 million you know I mean it's that
no I don't understand this tweet He's
complaining that you guys give me super
chat and says oh but he has less visits
than other youtubers Ah well Okay yeah And
surely if they give me the
IB statistics then I'll have less and we'll
all have less and if you give me the choca ones
then we'll all have less and if you give me
the Ricky Edi one then we'll all have less too of
course I mean  what does this have to
do with what you're telling me about
the
visits Where is my Wilson says Rober
Well soon you'll know where
Wilson is but I'll tell you Where is he I'll
tell you Where is he
on Twitter hiding his identity and
not showing his face that's how he is that's how he
is because showing his face didn't
go
well for him but I know it's absurd guys how
absurd this What was it is
is that this powerful lady or guard
lives at her mother's house that
her mother must have a pension I suppose and also her mother
has some money that she carries a two and it is
said she doesn't carry a 200
and a few zeros behind and that she
is
managing it as she can get
money from there I don't know if it's simply
requiring an opportunity When you make
contributions therefore it's that this
lady It's that I don't even understand what she's
criticizing there in that tet okay look over
here you are Roberto when you thought
that it can't fall anymore when you thought that it ca
n't fit one more fool
Andrés Nava from barense arrives and says Hold on to my
drink Robert macarra okay to me
this man seems so
stupid or  so it's short short short short
Uh yeah Wilson is with Tom hams on a
desert island But you know what
Wilson did is that you're pulling my tongue
and I don't want to tell it yet because I'll
do it in a that has a live because
that's going to be fantasy I'm
telling you I'm telling you that that's going to be
fantasy that of
Wilson to cry man I mean the
kids we've lived through things
like that uh once there was
a
hater who started
donating he started
[Music]
donating but not to me you don't
understand me I said it for hc kisses Okay
because I'm not going to get into that I already gave it to you
yesterday and I'm telling you again today whoever
likes it each one can go see
who
likes it thea has pocketed the memberships
and has us without the
gossip but listen to me well one time the
kids happened that a note appeared
and started donating
uh making donations in the live
insulting you are dedicated to gossip you
are I don't know  what you are I don't know how much it's worth so
in the end note he got so [ __ ]
that he challenged him to a debate I said get on get on
a debate and we talked on a
call no And you know what happened that while
on a
call while on a call
The people in the chat recognized his voice and it
was another
youtuber it was another
youtuber it was a youtuber who had
previously dedicated himself to
gossip but for whatever reason well I don't know he
stopped doing well or whatever and he already
retired [ __ ] how embarrassing that was
the dick eh Lili those are things that
only happen his name was Tiger
Tiger Tiger José Luis Tiger but these are
things that only happen in our
live shows Eh well what with Wilson is a
similar story but it's obviously worse Of
course because we're
talking about an account
eh we're talking about an account that is
created eh Just for
me from time to time I retweeted something from
Dallas when I caught him on the way eye eye
eh that in fact Wilson [ __ ]
Wilson we're going to laugh Well you're not
going to laugh you'll cry like you already
cried they're here
obviously they are
here obviously they are here
kid it may be a holiday it may be
2 in the morning they can be the the whatever they are
here if I
leave if I
leave no no well they are here the sentences the
sentences the sentence of Tania's husband
that one didn't seem harsh to these people it's
the sentences it's not the sentences No that
was a sentence already served the sentence
says again that Peppa Beltrán
messed with his children okay And that he could
file a criminal complaint the same as he
did with ler len in his what the [ __ ] are you
telling me dude what are you telling me llen what does
laenen have to do with Peppa
laenen has lawsuits for insults he has
a criminal case for an issue with Dallas eh from
his real life house that was already
dealt with and it is in procedure or in other words
instruction that when
things happen Well we will see and what I am
filing against laen are lawsuits for the right
to honor he already has one and soon we will file
another okay too lazy because tada a lot
but we will file all the ones that all the ones that
have history or what my
lawyer have a track record it's a lawsuit That's it,
nothing happens a
mortgage that they donate to him and that they
should donate to piss off his haters
I've told you family I
ask eh I ask are you here
eh I've told you already already already
Lili I'm going I'm going I I've told you
that I donated to make these
people angry I ask eh that you are
here here he is not here he is not that
people donate because they want me to
tell them something
and Wilson appears okay Wilson for
real I mean well Wilson yes I'm going to
call you Wilson in the meantime Although we know
your
name what a [ __ ] shame eh What a [ __ ]
obsession what a [ __ ] illness
eh come on donations of courage xurra How
little shame the guy has does it hurt you that
you couldn't live off YouTube no matter how much you
tried to climb
Anyway enc a kiss eh how you would have loved to have
lived off YouTube eh Oh yeah we'll
talk we'll talk we'll talk
look how you tried to climb all the
moves eh for a while you ate my
balls then you turned around  obsessed
with me then when you saw that I was giving you a
number messing with some youtuber
that I was fighting with who now gets his
balls kicked out you got my
balls kicked again and you dedicated your channel to that
youtuber okay And so okay Until until
you cried of course when when you
cry no when you cry no well you have to
make a multi-account no
anyway that that will have a that will have a
live eh that will have a little live
eh that will have a live eh that will have
a live and I'm going to put Look at this
plus this and Look what he does and what he
posted today and what he did at night
that will have it eh You're going to [ __ ] freak out with
that how embarrassing man how embarrassing man How
[ __ ] embarrassing You're going to freak out when I
explain it to you
well You're going to freak out kid When I
when I explain it to you
well Robert macarra Okay he says and
please I ask everyone that if you see
that a minor could be suffering some harm
call the
children's phone number respond and report I
mean what a
coincidence if someone sees that they are suffering  but it's that
if someone sees, let's see, you piece
of
cork, there are people who live in a
parallel universe, a kiss Gema, I don't know
which of them you say it for or
all of them, if someone sees that a minor is
suffering, there's no need to even call any
number, no, I haven't said anyone, eh, I
mean, you're mentioning several in the
chat but I haven't said anyone in
particular, there are several with those
characteristics, eh, There are several with those
characteristics,
eh, There are several with those characteristics,
no, no, I didn't name anyone or blame
anyone or point to anyone because there are
several with those same characteristics, there
could be several with the
characteristics that I have given, seriously, I don't
understand this Uncle Robert, thug, Okay, he
says and please, I ask everyone that if they
see that a minor could be suffering in any
way, call the
children's hotline, respond and
report it. I mean, what a
coincidence, if someone sees that they are suffering, but it's that
if someone sees that they are suffering, let's see, you piece of
cork, if someone sees that a minor is
suffering, there's no need to even call any
number, you go
and
help them, you go and help them, but you don't have to
come as a Good Samaritan and
tell us  what we have to do when we
see how a minor is mistreated or used
but the thing is that here Tania
is not using any minor I'm just
going to say that they're not going to shut me up that I'm going to
go
all out and that I have sworn to my
son and for me,
for my
son, for my son as far as necessary
I don't know where Tania is using
a minor Here we see a mother who is
defending the privacy of her
son, the privacy of her son, touch yourself, it's
not even Tania's privacy anymore, it
's her son's privacy
okay I've
gone too far and now
this one is going to get mentally paranoid
eh It's not that I'm not your best friend It's that she has
never been your friend nor have I
ever had contact with you except in
topics where you have been live and you
have called me and I can
prove it and she is my best friend but to me
sincerely
yes between spicy char that her advice do not
enter between Antonio that what I
'm seeing Is that laughing and
enjoying one wins more And is
healthier between that no that I don't even have the
same interest in going to see any of
these people just download everything
and save it Punto
Pelota and all that and then Juan who
told me November no to see if it could
be I failed him three times and a
subscriber of a subscriber
who also encouraged me eh I want to see her
tell jokes I want to see her at night
laughing telling jokes that I think we've already
heard
one is going to be lowered to a higher level with
which they know
YouTube already at a level I thought that
others already had it but it seems to me that
another one is going to be lowered because I want to see her like that
Well I also want to be like that the
truth so we have to
be a little
happier Loli you are not happy staying
quiet and swallowing the snakes you are not
[Music]
you are the Loli lol
[Laughter]
seriously she is telling me it is is this is
real I don't know I don't
know the deal I know what deal she
made but it turned out to be a frog
a happy frog swallowed the
snakes I don't know what story they have told you
but Loli if you start making content
of  Nobody's into cooking Loli
[Laughs]
Bravo Javi
Bravo Damn man No nobody m Look
eh the truth is I haven't looked at it I can't
tell you an amount But what I
do know is that I do think it's because I talk to
them
in the chat
eh what I do
know is that I'm close to those who are
truly worth it and those who are worth it
not like you for money but those who are
worth it as
people are
there because I've never had to say There's no
one Well I'll leave it here I have
n't always been able to talk to
someone so it seems to me that there
m you've hit yourself a
bum bum I haven't hit myself because of the
Ah yes yes yes yes yes yes barbarities of
slander yes yes yes yes yes
very good very good very good s s released
about us Because in your imagination
in the imagination eh in the imagination
eh It's only in the imagination eh
my goodness someone was crushing you that it was a
lie was what they put you in Oh mam mia
[Music]
that Javi It wasn't the one who said everything
out This is Halloween  Halloween
chocolate a kiss sisuca
gorgeous Javi It wasn't the one who said to the
others what he said No no no no no no no it's not no it
wasn't his cha Loli is fatal fatal fatal fatal
fatal it wasn't in her ch it was
all that she stirred as if to say
there [ __ ] the
footage she would have the León's are going to eat it no he didn't
say that No no no no no no that
no that's a lie eh I
made that up
eh wow you and when a super chat
brings out all the possible imagination for
adante they are not they are
not you remember last night this do you remember
last night this
clip that you do it because it has been
told about you or they have taken
private conversations or whatever by the way to
the hottie who was challenging me today of
all that you are asking for I have
screenshots don't go list no V list
that you know what there is then Shut your
mouth that you are more beautiful take another
theme or another fool to do the
live and forget about
me do you remember
this Peppa in the last live
asked her for papers she papers hers of
hers of  the 240 and such he's not going to
present them okay he couldn't but he asked for
papers from the others okay in his last
live he said Hey they haven't
paid me for a denture they haven't
paid me for the car repair
Loli hasn't given me any money papers papers no And
then ard de Troya
answers him that he has a screenshot of everything
that he can prove it that he doesn't go
around that he has a screenshot of everything that has been
said about you or that they've taken
private conversations or whatever
by the way to the cool girl who was
challenging me today the cool girl of all that you
're asking for I have
screenshots don't be smart don't be
smart because you know what's up then
shut your mouth she's prettier
pick another topic or another fool to
do the live shows on and forget about me
[Music]
Ah because there are photos there are documents there's
everything then Shut your mouth that you
deleted it on your side of the group on
my side of the group you can't delete it
because you've been out of that group
for a century and don't have access to the group so no  you
can delete
anything you can delete it on your phone on
mine it stays on hers it has stayed
because also I know she's trying to
delete things okay Hi Ken 90 The
problem is that Loli at Troy you
have not agreed with her and Loli
says
this come on
my mother my mother my mother my mother
of beautiful love Well what was said u u what they have
told me is not that I do not know
if I should put any challenge man Because if they already get
angry with us and they spend all
day putting us in green and trying to
throw us because we complete the challenges and
because there it goes there it goes there it goes there it goes there it goes
aunt tord day tord day in this
title it goes like
eh what does it say
wait and see and see and
see pay
How Well then I had missed the title
[Laughs]
another lie is that they do not know
How to deceive people Eh you do not know this
is a lie but well let's see to make
a video right and you have 1322 people it
serves that r a little chocolate of those haha
that my king a kiss poera so what are we
left with who of  both are telling the
truth who of the two is telling the truth
ard de Troya or Loli the one from Troy says he
has proof of everything and Loli says that
it's a lie that they haven't said that
come on my goodness goodness by the way
Loli still doesn't respond to this day today
to Peppa calling her a [ __ ] [ __ ] cuckold
spoiled eh And a bunch of
other things my goodness my goodness my love is
reacting to a video by Javi Because they've
given him a goal Well what I said u lo
Uy what they've told me is not that I do
n't know if I should put a challenge dude Because if they get
angry with us and spend all
day putting us down and trying to
throw us down because we complete the challenges and
because oh
There it goes there it goes there it goes all day every
day every day in this title it's about
eh what it says
wait let's see let's see see
pay
How Well then I had the title for myself
another lie is that they don't know
How to deceive people
Eh you don't know this is a lie but well let's
see to make a video
right Then  either the one from Troy is lying
again the loser or the loser is lying
again or she is lying either of the
two possibilities would be worth it
eh go for J well the one from the South can hold on to her
men you know what happens I see the one from the
South as very very defensive of Juanjo
lately I see her she is a
selfless girl you already know her a ch Yes
that's
true interested and she doesn't do anything
without thread now what do I do to show
my devotion to Juanjo I tell him everything
to Al Oliva and then the
door to the world opens for me Alazán Oh I come
like a queen
well the world alzan is short isn't she telling me the other day that they were talking about gossip not dirty content No nobody that lady who doesn't go out like that live well no no my lies to stay alive let's see the world because I already have a few a few on the list ayos who are depressed
that exclusive Wilson the dunc no I'm not
going to say who until there are some
things confirmed okay we have to
finish sending one thing but
basically there are many ways and many
things okay last night we fell on our asses
but I didn't say who it is you
just made it up me no I couldn't
square it with the characteristics that are
given well the fact is that several could square
okay several could square but the thing with
Wilson is a story that is really
[ __ ] awesome it's really [ __ ] awesome the
saddest thing is you
always have to be aware of someone's community as
beautiful as it is to create your
own community but you
always have to go around with someone to
steal the community and then I fight
with that one I get together with another one I steal the
community and that's how I go about stealing the community
That's the most u dio if I know Grab a nail
ariento Hi marip point says alanne you
two are you two are crazy
to castrate the alanas antoñito that's why you
air your dirty laundry
well that's why the head
knee starts telling aa that he's
talking to me I mean look at you look at you
here the guy is constantly revealing his
cards eh I mean That's the
reason why you  you were telling
Peppa that if she talked to me that if I do
n't know what's left a clip around here lucky
Loli for the head to turn you on And
now it's Peppa herself Ale the one who
turned you on against me Ale now it's
Peppa herself Ale the one
who tells you Ale look eh let go of my
member now eh let go of me you
disgusting [ __ ] and you
shut up she told me
that you
praise me Her as much as you praise me So
come on lol Ah yes
I do give a damn about you I the same as Peppa
Loli Well who are you dedicating the
live shows to me not to the
ppppa I don't know what's
happening to you that she doesn't answer she
called you a [ __ ] eh she called you a
disgusting [ __ ]
you've said a few
things to yourself and well let's get to
the Peppa barbarity okay let's get to
the Peppa barbarity that's why today
we have put that title okay em we
have laughed a lot with what happened before
But I'm already warning you that no
no  you're going to find it very funny okay what I'm
going to ask you is one thing Okay
Unlike there Ok Here we go
[Music]
a I know that what you're
going to hear is going to piss you off Ok I'm not going to get
mad OK Let's take it from who it
comes from eh
but have respect okay I mean if you're going to
comment something do it with
respect a kiss alone sweetheart my sister
What's up
Hi okay
yes a pada
Spaniard but you don't have Lolis Hilton for your
pantry of warm chocolate the
biscuits and like that you dip them in the
[Laughter] butt
face in love face in love
with you María
José face in love with you
I better shut up I will respect you I
promise you for you Look you can't give your opinion
obviously this opens the way to
opinion Of course I mean yes yes that's why it was
uploaded to YouTube okay But whatever
you're going to give your opinion do it with respect I
don't think I need to warn you
so that we're not like them you
understand me so that the
community is not like  that of it Okay
Eh we just listen to it okay Here
we are a kiss
sisuka this is I insist Eh This she is
responding to nothing that you gave me
yesterday 50 super chat 200 members okay or
so and the reaction is this she got
nervous she turned she went There her
head turned and and she said
things that she shouldn't have said
okay
and I have nothing to say about her mother
of course you're going to have to say if entering
your canal for the first time eh I reserve
my is here next to me and listening to me
say all the things I say
have nothing to do with what was said in
salvame but it's that my mother
agrees with everything I say and and you said
one thing that d seo It's for you I
don't
have a kiss
beautiful I have nothing to say about her
mother of course how are you going to have to say if
entering your canal for the first
time does it seem to you that we first put it in
full And then we
comment so as not to cut it off
Everyone here has the the category no and
the caliber of this lady Goes down like she
alone
eh I have nothing to say about his mother
of course how are you going to have to say if I
enter your channel for the first
time I reserve
my what I think And such But I would never
expose my
son son is a
minor my mother is not that she is of legal
age she is more intelligent than you and that
I e
my mother is totally
lucid despite her age
and one very very very
important thing is that my mother knows my
career for 5 years my mother is
very proud of me for all the things
that I have believed I did
good with all my
mistakes when your children are
older and now don't tell me talk about
my younger children no no Go [ __ ] yourself
man when your children tomorrow
see the videos that have their dad their
dad let's see what they think of you my mother
thinks of me is that I am a very good
person very good people and that I have done
well and I hope that your children I hope and I
wish that you change yes and that your children
tomorrow think of you what my
mother who is here next to me thinks of me
you are finding out
[ __ ] well
that is one of the most
important things I had to  say today because they
sent me a click today that
possibly
that m to me the haters do not
worry me I am worried about people like you
when
without saying saying They say
things and I tell you again
no no no no no no no no no that what that
leave him by his side I mean he
can tell him let's see no no no what's going on What does he
say What does he say no let's
see I think that children and mothers
should be left aside and the
indiscreet one has spoken very well today about the
care that your mother has
because no no no no I have not seen it
catoma I have seen a little bit more
because she had a family party man
Of course my mother is well taken care of
who would Who would assume it
Manol and Martín a membership to
Pepa del tran's channel as a gift Thank you very much
beautiful no no I have not
seen it but the indiscreet one does not have to
tell you that
that is something that happens every day
here but Mr. Oliveira
eh says
yesterday How good that he does
not want to talk about my mother But
what about that he has his own
thing
that  that my mother appeared for the first time on
your on your channel But
not on your children will be very proud of
you red heart red heart
gy and I hope that your children and I
swear that I really hope they
think of you the same as my mother
thinks of
me my career for 65
years Hey missing nu a kiss Pili
heart has not been splendid But it has
been very
good well I hope that yours is the
same always think the same of you no for
God
Ah no it's
that but
no a kiss solang heart
beautiful look today I have
sent because my house today has been a one
of ban of music and of feeling
totally
expensive but not only of me
eh it has the affection and
love
of her children my brother and I of her
grandchildren of her of the girlfriends of her of her
grandson of the task of the everyone loves her
but it made me laugh to hear this morning
a click that they sent me then I saw
the live that this
man has done and that I only hope that they think of
you what my mother thinks of
me Javier olira I tell
you I tell you but not to me  ae they have to another one
that gives chocolate that
educated climbs You're too bad
minors are sacred end You wish you
had Javi's crystalline heart and love
Because Fortunately I have had
the opportunity to do many things, one
good, another not so good, another average,
another that they have been indifferent
but but my fight, my fight is valid And if you
don't
take what you've searched so much
on the internet, take
something,
something from
my
past that yes, lool, everything is fine but the
paper of the 240 for when they are They are They are they
take it and show it
eh I said to show the 240 now, no
Forgive me, forgive me When I said the other
day that if the bizun,
the transfers, whatever they
wanted to do to me or whatever, let them show it, it's
because I don't have to show anything,
who accuses is the one who has to
prove it So whoever accuses has to
prove it Not
me then let them make me, shove
the bizun papers in my face,
good, healthy because you've all seen it,
transfer of whatever
for the 1000 for the  embargo for the
car for I don't know what for what you
have invented not so much the
broth no C It doesn't bother me you are
talking it is
we are talking
no
but tuoma is what it is
aunt the truth only has one way Look
someone said the other day I'm going to
tell my truth No I'm not going to tell
my truth the truth is only
one you can comment on the truth of
any other but the truth is only
one and the truth is that I want l
Huerta to show the bizun that he
sent me for the car for the 1
more super chat and I'll tell you a little thing Javi
a
kiss my
fight what else
was it for him to show them to say there
Pepa has it and it's not because I have to
prove anything No no those who accuse and
say are the ones who have to prove it
at least today in Spain in a couple
of months or three or five I don't
know
eh Danish I give you permission to
put whatever you have to
put and you are not going to be banned nor will anyone
say
anything to you you have my
explicit permission explicit is the permission eh
and today I had a day  Oh Oh Oh if
you guys could
see me if you say to this one come leave it
all Okay let's go answering okay
hey family we're
six away so we can almost
officially say that we've
practically arrived again we're
not going to answer okay of course
with with with with respect something that she doesn't
deserve okay obviously from her of her
grandchildren from the fecina of the mother who is
here next door think about
me let's go by parts now now yes we're
going to stop okay if you want to give your
opinion you can also give your opinion if you want to give your opinion you can also give your opinion okay
but what I said okay with respect she doesn't deserve it but well with respect okay what I
think and such
Tom ma over
here So you have little to say about
what I can or can't or her video
that I posted yesterday of my mother that
the Indian had posted says that he doesn't
have any anything to comment
but he tells her so yesterday when I
posted the video that the Indian posted on
Twitter no basically the Indian was telling
Peppa that she used her mother
to put her on screen ask for super
chat no it was also seen  a clip where
Peppa told her mother to tell
Irene León not to leave, no things
like that, no And then the Indian
reproached her, no, the use, no And the exhibition
Okay so what Peppa is saying here
correct me if I'm wrong okay
because maybe I Maybe I'm
understanding it wrong is that I said yesterday that
I was not going to comment on that subject no that I
have my opinion But what
Lili was not going to do, let
her comment on the lollipop
like I heard
Yesterday this was not the lady that her
mother used to ask her for money
Arindi do you remember the video that I put up
yesterday of my mother that I had put up the
Indian says that he doesn't have
anything to comment on but he tells
Lili to comment on the
lollipop he tells Lili to comment on the lollipop she tells Lili that
I told Lili yesterday to comment on the I mean,
look at
where we're starting from, it's not part of the fact that this
live is being dedicated to me because I have
n't commented on the mother's thing but
that  I told Lili that she comments on the
lollipop but Lili doesn't upload videos on the
lollipop she uploads deals and now they are
uploading on telesalseo but Lily doesn't
comment
or rather this is the first thing is this Clear we're already
starting a little bad
no we're already starting a little bad Clear yes it is
yes it's already starting already inventing
that I told Lily that she should comment
about her mother the lollipop no Peppa
here what I said was on this subject I have
never given my opinion And I'm not going to give my opinion okay
because it's already including relatives and
other people in the house suffer and suffer no and
what I said was I'm not going to give my opinion and I did
n't tell Lili don't take this
extract and put the mother in the
thumbnail I don't think I need to
tell you but don't put anything about the mother
or anything like that was what I told Lily
not to put the mother your mother in
the title or in the thumbnail But what
is your complaint that I didn't
give my opinion I mean well of course I say maybe it's that she made a
mistake and she understood that
I  I thought no that I could be eh
perfectly eh what happens is that what I
think about you Peppa I can't say it
on the
internet not only with the subject of
your mother but with many subjects what
I think the adjective that I would
give you in general is worth for everything
that you are and everything that
represents you I think that well the first thing
is that you speak for yourself with your
actions Okay and the second thing is that what
I would tell you what I think about you I can't
say it on the
internet maybe I could say it eh I
also tell you eh but I prefer not to
do it
but that he doesn't put
any thumbnail of my mother or
anything because he has his
own thing let's see
Gindy my mother where she first entered was
on your
channel on your
[Music]
channel so you have to say what
I can or can't or she wants or does
n't want to be here with us Well
me It's that I can I'm hallucinating because of
course I can have an opinion on whatever I want, I
mean it doesn't take away my
right to think what I think the
fact that  Here on the channel
the lady came in one night or one afternoon, I don't
remember if it was to wish her a happy
birthday, I don't remember what it was for
but what I'm sure it wasn't
Peppa was to ask for a super chat, that is,
wherever if someone looks for
the clip for me or the live that it was but
as far as I know the Indian what he
's showing you are clips where you tell
your mother what she has to say to
Loli and what she has to say to Irene, I
mean, I think it's nothing
comparable, here I can bring my
cousin, my nephew, my father, anyone
I want, okay, obviously I
personally prefer not to expose
anyone, okay, but man, of course, that's what I'm
telling you. I mean, no, it's not the same, it's not the
same context or the same
circumstance as a woman coming in for
me to give her a compliment or
wish her a happy birthday to what he's
criticizing you about. The Indian. No, I eh, I have
n't criticized you for that, I have
my thoughts but I haven't criticized you
but I don't, no, no, no, it's not the same, I
mean, the Indian  what she's telling you is that
click that's there of yours where you
whisper to her Tell Irene not to
leave Do you understand me, maybe you do
n't understand Of
course, my mother until a year ago of her
Save Me Imagine, you
Save Me was
terrorism
of anything that can be
seen, not until we understood that we're not going to
watch this
program and then you say why Why is it that
my mother is here next door and
listening to me say all the things that I
say have nothing to do with what was
said on Save Me that I say but that I
but that I have not said this Of course
this lady is making this up
and then you say why is it that my
mother is here next door and listening to me
say all the things that I say have nothing to
do with what was said on
Save Me but it's that my mother
agrees with everything I say and and you said
one thing and This is for you but that I don't that I
say if I have not said anything that I have
said that Save's wife I have not
said anything that I have not said
anything
and I have nothing to say about his mother
of course how are you going to have to say if I entered
your canal for the first
time It's that of course he's
messing things up here no I have nothing to say
about his mother of course but not
about your mother or about your brother or about
your son or about your nephew or
about your neighbor I have to tell
you Peppa and people are
telling
you no one is going to say in any case of your
son that you have also exposed not
Alberto Alberto not the other the angel
the half done the half done okay
Why Because they are getting into the gossip
but here nobody is messing with your
family You do mess with
people's families you have messed well with
mine you have already messed with them they are not only
mentioning my children that disgusts me a
lot that my stalker is already starting to
mention my children too that is
5 years old okay I had to put up with
a few weeks ago that you were
messing with my wife with
my wife's tits that maybe you envied
or you would like to be her  I don't know but it
disgusts me a lot But well I understand
that I have to swallow it Because I am a
public figure until I have
a little word that I know you're
wrong and I report you criminally of
course, I mean that's what I'm
telling you I mean yesterday there was criticism of
Sorco Tilla because he said an outrage
because what Sorco Tilla said I'm not
defending him it's an outrage what he said
about Juano's son okay I'm not
defending him it's an
outrage let's see if they jump to say
something to you too because you're
mentioning minors Of course without coming to the
point all because you're screwed that
she's criticizing you because
a clip of yours was leaked you could hear a
C where you said to your mother I haven't
told you anything people are telling you
Okay what's wrong with you that yesterday
they gave 50 and something here super chat Well
Hi I'm sorry don't look at it don't
look at it if it causes you suffering don't look at it
Peppa has gone three towns and two
villages nobody said anything about her  mother
but she makes it up to have one
more reason to harass to hate to defame
to insult me ​​no I mean if you
notice she has insulted me several times in
these minutes that we have seen
and based on a lie, I mean because on
one hand she knows that I have not said anything and
on the other hand she makes up that I have
told Lily that I have sent Lily to
talk about the mother, I mean look at
the level and there will be four [ __ ] in the
chat that she still believes that
I have said that to
Lili she makes up a lie to
harass once again because this woman does not
know how to respond, she does not know how to salsa without
harassing okay What do you want me to tell you and
then she tells me that if the mother appeared on
my channel Pepa did not appear in the same
context, I do not have an opinion on what
the Indian thinks okay but man if you are going to
bring up the subject then you already know that they are not the
same advice that they are not the
same contexts and the same
situations okay No, your mother came in here I do
not know if it was for a birthday or something
or to talk to  Antonio David I don't
remember what it was for okay but I'm
sure I'm sure it wasn't to
ask for super chir in the lion
okay
eh I reserve
my what I think And such But I would never
expose my son your son is a
minor my mother is not that she is of legal
age she is more intelligent than you and that
I well the fact is that in the face of this I disagree I
disagree a lot Of course since the subject comes up
I disagree I mean one thing is that
you put an older person eh to
send a greeting or to go out but man to
answer him on the fly well I don't see it I
mean I can bring my son or my
daughter here to say hello to the chat or to or on a day when we
are playing Super Mario
okay But it doesn't cross my
mind when I'm fighting with
you or with Tania or something like that to
put my son here on my
knee or I mean of course this is first class of of
of education of knowing how to read the
environment and and and logic Of course but this we
are talking between
normal people I am talking between
normal people I can bring
my son here Of course I  I can bring my
son here one day and I can put my son here
with me if I wanted to What happens is that of
course with all the bullies I have
Well I prefer not to do it okay But well
if one day it feels like it Well then come here my
Leo and we are playing and we watch a
funny video of course but I am not going to put
the child here in a context in which I
am fighting with Tania reading I don't
know what
sentence you understand So you
say that well whatever you want from your
family Peppa but for me personally
my opinion if you ask me Well that
in some contexts No of course
We have to protect our
minors and our elders of course you
put yourself you put yourself who
wants the money from YouTube and the one who
wants to get into that mess but
the elderly must be protected
just like children of course Or what are you
telling me what comparison
is exactly Look Lili tells me when you
have seen comments on other sites
that have been made about the subject of the mother
the most you have said is I am not
going to get involved in there what yes it is seen that the
woman is super
well taken care of, I've said that too eh I've always said that what is clear is that the woman is superb taken care of Yes yes yes I don't deny that I don't think it's right eh that she makes interventions in some contexts damn, answering on the fly that I can't
get my [ __ ] head in okay But
hey everyone does what they want now
if you put your mother to upload a video
answering on the fly then you're going to
get her into a gossip of course and people are going to have
opinions that you're not going to like a
kiss Solage queen eh
my mother is totally
lucid kiss she ate an
expired chocolate before the live that Aha
crying with laughter
eh one very very very
important thing that my mother knows about my
career for 65
years is that this is not true either eh she
will know what she knows she will know what she knows or
what you wanted to tell I mean I
have my doubts that she knows about the
240 I have my doubts that she knows that
on your birthday they put
10,500 balloons in  instead of putting your age I
have my doubts that he knows that you do this
and you act like this you know while you
are insulting a kid 30 years
younger than you I have my doubts
personally I have my doubts that he
knows everything that you are doing on the
internet okay he will know what I know based on you
know my mother is very proud of me
for all the things that I have believed that I
did well with all my
mistakes when your children are
older and now don't tell me talk about
my younger children no no Go [ __ ] yourself
man how filthy
eh When tomorrow they see the
videos that their father has their father let's see
what they think of you my mother
thinks of me is that I am a very good
person very Well the children will think well
that they won't like some of the clients others they will
like Peppa but what I have
are insults being a foul-mouthed person but
what I don't have is to ask for
cancer and not
give it you can embellish it all
you want now she will be taking a screenshot
of the chat to have Correa for tomorrow and
the wheel goes on and on  It seems to me it
seems
great it seems great and that
everyone who wants to release content and that they
ask their followers for 20 members
based on Toa Mira we are giving Javi a sasc
if it seems great to me but
of course what he is talking about here are
delicate topics and they are already mentioning
minors of course then the moment
you slip up it is not that I will file a lawsuit it is
that I will go to you for criminal proceedings okay
eh Why can't you mention minors
who bother you with the opinions of what
you do on the internet and what you
expose I'm sorry okay if my children
tomorrow are going to see I don't know what the [ __ ] maybe they will
see the internet or they will not see the
internet but Peppa if you get like
that if you get on with the clips that they can
see of one on the internet of course We
are public figures with a lot of
years here we are dedicated to what we are
dedicated to the world of gossip Why do
n't you say the same about Antonio David
that you put the hashtag on all your
live shows of I reveal myself Antonio avid
also has a lot of clicks a
lot of  unfortunate that
the children can see When they are older Internet
but of course Antonio does not have the courage to
tell him that because he has people who
put it on I rebel okay or whatever
Likewise okay Likewise Well
tomorrow I will answer you
tomorrow there will be clicks that he likes and clicks
that are not worth it and for better or worse I earn a
living here for them so that he does not
lack anything In fact he does not lack
anything and they have the life Better come on they have
a life so so so so comfortable and so
good that I do not have to be asking
for cancer and then I keep it to
give you an example eh to give you an
example clear yours is not the same
yours is not the same yours is you opened
a live okay you opened a
live saying that The donation was going
to the association against cancer with
a
relative of a kid who died from that
disease Of course you are saying
what will my children do tomorrow When they
see a clip of me insulting people who
had
insulted me insulting people that it is the
same thing that you are doing here that you
just called me an [ __ ] [ __ ]
garbage and a few  of things because
my children will see me with a very bad tongue That's
what they will see me do you understand But the
relative that you were interviewing on
your live show that day where you took
2s 40 bucks that you had it for 7
months because of forgetfulness, that relative Well, he's not going to
know what his nephew is going to think
tomorrow because his nephew died of
cancer super young okay And you while you were
interviewing him Peppa asked for
money and it turns out that you forgot to give it that
after 7 months when
your friends reminded you okay then you
remembered and gave it okay but it's that you weren't
happy with that during those 7 months
Peppa e Of course this maybe what
your family or your mother who is
so proud of you doesn't know of course this
maybe what you don't know is that during
those 7 months while you forgot to
donate that money that they had given you for
the cancer not for you you did other
charitable acts okay you even supported
eh your friend
Loli while you milk her
and that they invent a cancer that  I had
because you know that she doesn't
have cancer yet no, you still haven't gone out
there okay But you know but not to
me where they have to not
touch minors Peppa and the adults They are like children they
must be protected not exposed em
look at you How far you went
Peppa with the issue of Loli and
going along with it because Loli
was giving you money that knowing that you
had forgotten the
240 you took Loli to a live to
another live broadcast on the subject of cancer to
a live broadcast where you were interviewing
the spokespersons of another foundation
against cancer and no and I don't know
while you were telling her that your
friend had cancer while
you were while you and Loli were there
talking in that live broadcast with with the
spokespersons of the cancer foundation it didn't
occur to you and and the memory
that you had 240 that you hadn't
given that you had
forgotten you know and also something else happens
that also Maybe they don't know they don't
know about
you that when they caught you and they
reminded you  your friends according to Loli and according to
Tania you were going to name your son your son
Whoever is proud of
you to change the date on the paper
to trick the
pe challenge overcome churra de limpet rage
again [ __ ] a kiss a kiss well
tomorrow he will get in Well you never know I'll
float tomorrow but of course So if
we talk about being proud of each
other Peppa Well I think we will
never finish with you because in the end of me
Of course I have many
mistakes of course Yes yes a lot but what I do
n't have is what you have
love I will never never have it I will never have it
because I earn my
money and what I keep from my
donations are for me these 50 super
chats that they just gave 18 members that we have been
live so far
are giving it to me for me so when
the 22nd comes my balls are going to collect it
and I am going to spend it on my
children you got it for cancer and you
enjoyed it for 7 months you what
if it occurs to me to do what
she does  my parents give me two slaps
from the beyond It's that she's mixing
things up that have nothing to do with each other, you know,
but no, no, she's not really comparing it.
What she's trying to do is get the
children involved to see if I explode. No. Let's see
if I say something strong to her, let's see if I fall
as low as her, but it's that she doesn't
think about it because it doesn't make sense, I
mean, your mother. She doesn't know everything that you
do on the internet. I don't believe that in front
of your mother you would have done what you
did to me there, that the clips of me
insulting people are from years ago
to people who insulted me and that it
could happen to me again. Eh, I mean, I
can insult someone who
pisses me off again and I can
insult them again and I'm warning you, sailor. They could
condemn me again, you know, but if they
condemn me, I will pay the fine. Okay, if they condemn me
now I have the appeal of my
now I have another trial with me
next year, not because of some insults
that Mario made to her in a live show, you
know, if they condemn me, I will take my Ar
and  I'll pay you, I'm not going to
forget, you understand Because what I
have to pay, I pay Peppa, you know I can get
bored, I can get bored I
can also remind you that while you were playing along with
your friend Loli
You even bet your channel that Loli had
been in Granada and you had
seen
proof when it was already known and there was no
way to catch it that Loli didn't have
cancer You started saying that you
had used the wrong
word then Of course I have my
doubts that nobody feels proud of
you very good people and that I have done well
and I hope that your children I hope and I
wish that you change the s and that your children
tomorrow think of you what my
mother who is here next door thinks of
me you are
finding out and when her grandchildren see he
stayed 240 well He kept it for months
Robin He kept it for 7 months because
the wife forgot he forgot em
but I'm telling you the same thing again
Peppa, what is it that you are comparing me that
if my son is going to feel proud
like you  mother feels well I'm
glad that the woman doesn't know all
the things that you've done on the internet
if I'm really very glad but of
course you're putting me in a
situation that my son what But
why do you have to mention my son my
son I don't put him here to ask people for a
super chat
nor do I put him here next to it and say
Tell Robinson to give me another super
chat
Don't compare me to things that aren't
comparable Peppa nothing of yours will
ever be comparable to anything of mine fite You are what you
are and what is your level for
a Joan
Planas which is already saying eh which is already
saying has made fun of the fact that you left
the 240
forgotten and you tried to get close to
him to harass me for the harassment
that you have of me okay eh
and the guy kicked you out when he saw
the stick you were going when he saw the thorn
you gave him when he is a guy who
gets together with Tania who has gone to
look for the two of them with the
fixed term mortgages and yet fist you how do you have to
be  you who didn't want you
by your side that you started to contact trust
yourself It's that it's that it's entering into the absurd
with this lady that you have commenting
on the game over to Joan Planas
applauding the game over that you know everything
lores as a good fan of mine that she was Okay
what have you started saying a thousand times that it
was incredible that I don't know what that I don't know
how much the game over and when we kicked you out
of here from telesalseo when we saw you
coming you started calling Joan Plana
to celebrate the sentence with him a
sentence that is a partial estimate
in five or six
videos it's that tremendous you know Or
fate you the
character
[ __ ] well
and with insults and with that is one of
the things that I had to say the most important
today because they have sent me today a
click that possibly
possibly I am going to put another challenge Peppa
possibly I am going to put another
challenge for now while we finish seeing
you this one I don't know if it will be
fulfilled
okay but they put me in the chat and I am
going to put it I am going to put it for 20
only and I am going to put it for 2 euros
Okay and  I'm going to put it for an hour because I
don't think it will take us longer to see it
okay but it's that not content with having
completed that challenge Peppa I'm going to put another one
now of 20
look I don't know if we'll get there eh Maybe
I'm getting carried
away because to me the haters do
n't
worry me I'm worried about people like you
when without saying anything saying They say
things without saying anything saying I mean but I
say it or not I haven't said anything Peppa there
are topics that I prefer not to give my
opinion and that was one of them is that
she herself is saying that I didn't
give my opinion I mean her complaint is that I didn't give my opinion
So what is your complaint Of course I didn't
give my opinion and I'm going to
tell you no no no no no no no no no that
leaving him by his side maybe he can
tell him let's see no fate t a mentality they
are telling him in the chat Hey the children
have to be left by his side I don't know what and he says
no no no no no it's possible we are fighting
against people who don't have it I mean we can't
go down to the same mud
anyway it's that  it's not even gossip what there is no no no what's
going on What does he say What does he say no let's
see, I think that children and mothers should be
left aside and the
indiscreet one has spoken very well today about the
care that your mother clearly has
because no no no no I haven't seen him
catoma I've seen a little bit more
because she had a
family party man Of course my mother is
well taken care of who would Who would
go but not to m a you have to always have a chalet by your
side t a kiss Isabel
Thank you 11 and cuar you I have to go
to the kids' room eh come on a
kiss with all my love your son is his
machine red heart he will be proud of
you and he will surely laugh at most
of your moves
crying with laughter Of course Of course Well
imagine veaco a kiss
gorgeous a kiss gorgeous I'm going
to the kids' room I'm going I'm going I'm going
to see if I can go out more we're
going
ampari let's go for this challenge too
hands clapping hands clapping
hands clapping
throwing a kiss there won't be time there won't
be time there won't be time to a to
assume Manoli Martin a membership
to the pppa Beltran channel as a gift
Thank you very much
beautiful no no I haven't
seen it but
the
indiscreet one doesn't have to tell me that that's something that happens every day
here but Mr. Oliveira
said yesterday cara throwing a kiss biceps
flexed biceps
that he doesn't want to talk about my mother
but what if he has his own
thing then I don't understand What's the
complaint if I haven't spoken if I say that I do
n't want to talk soon that I want to
laugh at the
glasses go the kids as they are
today go the kids as they are today eh I
also tell you eh
that my mother appeared for the first time on
your on your
channel it's the same it's It's that they make
some comparisons and analogies man what do they
understand them Maybe they
understand them like that I don't know maybe they do
understand it like that you know but well what are we
going to do maybe they
understand it like that they understand that it's the same
late but I arrive hom  Well, now we're off
to the kids' room. Well, now we're
off to the kids' room. So I'm telling you, and I
hope that your children, and I swear
that I truly hope for you,
think the same thing about you as my
mother thinks of me. Kiss
Negrita, my career over 65
years hasn't been splendid, but it's been
very
good, it's been spectacular. Well, I hope
that yours
always think the same
thing. The same, the same, I think it's not going to
be the same, it doesn't matter what you're doing. Red.
Ah, no, it's
okay, let's go, family, telesaliseo, kiss.
This one won't have time. eh. There are 10 left, there wo
n't be
time yet, but no, m a d they have to,
tomorrow they will love you as much as they do. Ho
ima, a kiss. Thank you very much. Today I
sent eh. Because my house today has been a bit of a
ban, of music and of
feeling,
totally
car, but not just from
me.
Josefina, come see what you wish for me. Now
I hope it's sorted out,
Josefa, today, a kiss
from her children, my brother and I, from her
grandchildren, from the girlfriends of her, from her
grandchildren  of the neighbors of the whole world
loves her big Peppa a weekend at
the house and the 240 the 240 pavillo and a
pride
for 240 bucks daughter the mark you will have
had a career of 65 years very very
very good according to you we will have to see the
good according to this lady okay But come on
the last years you have ruined it for
240 for
240 but it made me laugh this morning to hear
a click that they sent me then
said
but not to me you have to go Javi that we have to
laugh at the glasses we have
there
chicha we have chilla with that
subject we have chilla with that subject I
tell you I tell you that the challenge is overcome
Yes or yes let's go because there are five left eh I don't know
if we have time
eh the live that this
man has done kiss negrita always with you and I
with you and I with you
my goodness the challenge of today and that I only
hope that they think of you what my mother
thinks of
me okay Javier elira Mercedes Mila yes
you got it eh man but you got it
Mercedes Mila we got it
for  We're kicking her out of
here, I'm telling
you because fortunately, I've had
the opportunity to do many things, already,
one good, another not so good, another average,
another average, average,
that they have been
indifferent,
but but my
fight, my fight,
valid, their fight has been worth a lot, guys,
let's also do this challenge, we
have to complete it, face throwing a
kiss, throwing a kiss, throwing a kiss,
throwing a
kiss, take
a challenge of 50 and another of 20 but not
you, for the
challenge, a challenge of 50 and another of 20, oh,
one is missing, one is missing, one is missing Who's going to be the one of
shame, come on, the one of
shame, one is missing, the one of
shame And if it doesn't
work for what you've
searched so hard for on the internet, work
something but
no, these characters attract the
kids, face crying with laughter, face
crying with laughter, face crying with laughter,
come on, man. Maybe in the
end we'll resurrect some character that I didn't want to
resurrect, Giorgio, a kiss but
not another challenge, up Spain, for the challenge,
for two balls, another challenge, you're [ __ ]
crazy, eh. And that's enough, see, take it, see you later
Peppa tomorrow insult me ​​again Peppa
tomorrow come back another challenge overcome by King
another challenge
kid another
challenge tomorrow let them cry again let them
complain again let them defame again let them
mention minors again let them
harass again let them do
everything anyway
serraf but not to you Pepa Pati
poro yes a peseta for each
Spaniard but not to m ae they have to yes no no yes
no that we have snuck in that we
have snuck
per
[Music]
has a price cont
strange has no price
[Music]
rare people Well little more than Add the
truth I mean to each one I
think that they make themselves
known by how they are and
how they behave and by their actions and I
think that we have responded with much more
education and with much more tact than
this scum of people deserves
I'm not going to the salsería the subject There it
is quite strong also okay If you do not feel
like going to bed yet and and you
want to have a little gossip there Also a little bit of
gossip the thing is strong okay we have
several topics there to comment on that are
quite strong are quite strong
okay So well I'm not going to close
because I haven't scheduled the live show I'm
going to April okay but it'll take a while come on 2
minutes So if you want to
throw them over there to the salsería and what was
said or rather without any words regarding
the support that you have given again
tonight I want to remind you in case it is not
clear okay that you have
done a 50 challenge again okay And
another
20 challenge but not like that come on okay See you
later no then tomorrow it is very likely
that I will do a
live show well I don't know I don't know tomorrow I have to
take the boy to the
butterfly garden that not everyone takes him
and maybe if there is no live show tomorrow
it will have happened okay but I have to
tell you some things apart from what I have
told you apart from what I have told you
that I don't know what day it will be ok There are things
that are cooking
Well there are things that there are things that need to be
clarified okay
eh And let them come for
more says Elo Teres Alceo two super chin
mentions me Tomorrow I'm going with the climber
Elo, I haven't mentioned you Sorry, I didn't
realize, come on, it seemed to me that it had
gone one by one,
eh, let them continue, let them continue trying to unite, let them continue trying to
provoke And let them
continue trying to do the
disgusting things that they do, long
live the gentlemen, see you later I'm going
there, okay, it'll take 2 minutes